Hey, isn't this the owner of Qianlang's counterfeit products?
Hey, Second Master Han, Song Xuan
Are you defending a bandit who kills innocent people?
He said he was here for revenge.
Maybe there's something else going on.
When he saw the woman falling into the grass, he became a bandit
There must be some engine
Go away you kill him now
What about the police officers who get shot?
The responsibility lies entirely with you
You hand him over to me
I'll help him dissolve the poison of Youshu
What if you can't solve it?
If I can't solve it
You killed us both
OK, deal.
Well, does time work out?
No.
Didn't you say there was a way before?
Why is there no way now?
I drank too much to remember
Can you wake up a little?
You almost got me killed.
Oh, right.
Just massage the practitioner's atrium point.
Oh Atrium Point
Okay, atrium point
Where is the atrium point?
Here girl
What I'm going to do next
Maybe a little presumptuous
I hope you don't think I'm a pervert
Unmarked long wing
I can cover my eyes.
You really can't see?
Hey, where are you touching?
Ah!
Sorry, spare a little
Better?
Oh, you might as well take it off and touch it directly.
You can still see on time
It's easy to touch, why don't you compare my body with his?
Who is better?
Please, sister.
Don't challenge my bottom line, okay?
The girl hopes you will cooperate.
Cooperate with me to detoxify you.
Ah oops forgot
This can also detoxify zombie poison.
Well, that solves it.
Please wake up next time, okay?
Killed by you?
Uh uh